docs(igxOverlay): update README.md for scroll strategies (#2737)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: projects/igniteui-angular/src/lib/services/overlay/README.md

# igx-overlay

The overlay service allows users to show components on overlay div above all other elements in the page.

> A walk through of how to get started can be found [here](https://www.infragistics.com/angularsite/components/overlay_main.html)

Reviewer: Correct URL should be:
```suggestion
A walk through of how to get started can be found [here](https://www.infragistics.com/products/ignite-ui-angular/angular/components/overlay_main.html)
```
